Add a blank line before day line on khal list / calendar. Fixes #968 (#983)
pimutils/khal: CHANGELOG.rst

* FIX Alarms without descriptions no longer crash `ikhal`
* FIX Display all-day events at the top of the day in `ikhal`
* FIX Keybindings in empty search results no longer crash `ikhal`

> * NEW Possibility to adda bank line before day in `khal` with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* NEW Possibility to add a blank line before day in `khal` with
```
